so I'll start okay well let's open this
beautiful bottle of wine this is two
paddocks 206 Pinot Noir and you asked me
before if this is my favorite one I
can't really say it's my favorite
because it's like when you have children
if you say this is my favorite and these
ones are not they all suffer on this one
you know this one gets a complete head
or something so this is one of my
favorites I wouldn't want any of your
children no no we don't want this we
look forward to trying this one
so you notice there's no court and I
have to say I cannot be more pleased
with with this closure now a lot of
people say it looks cheap it's not cheap
it's actually slightly more expensive
than a cork but the great thing about it
is the wine is never going to be tainted
never going to have that moldy effect
which I absolutely hate good luck and
God bless you
thank you Sam you chose to put your
winery in Gibson or grow grapes in
Gibson in Central Otago yeah why there
well that was the first vineyard now
there's three of them they're all in
sinful Togo and Gibson was sort of an
accident really because a friend of mine
was developing six vineyards or one big
vineyard and divided him to six and said
are you understood monotheism I picked
the site that I liked and
it went from there and so we started off
with you know with no particular
ambitions I just wanted to make
something to drink at home and entertain
my friends with and this is the problem
with becoming a wine producer as you
become more and more ambitious and you
just want to be the best and the
footballs and somehow you collect a few
more friends along the way
well yes but it's not all joy I remember
a couple of years ago you telling me
that there are any frustrations so what
are some of the hiccups
well of course well the thing about
Grampy Renoir is that it's always you
have to grow it in a marginal area so we
of all people and Pinot Noir is a very
fickle great to grow anyway but because
you're growing at a cool climate you're
very susceptible to the whims of Mother
Nature
what you're looking for now we're in our
12th vintage now and it's terribly
important to us to be consistent from as
consistent as you can be from vintage to
vintage and now I take some pride in the
fact that we that we have a record
that's 12 years long that we've never
produced a deaf wine and we've produced
year after year mines that I think are
really some experts having said that
every year every vintage every vineyard
is different year to year and that's
what's so marvelously kind of magical
and elusive about wine growing and in
particular about pinot noir the wine has
to be absolutely exceptional from all my
vineyards to be a single vineyard wine
otherwise we just take the best of the
grapes from all three vineyards and we
we put it into we make this wonderful
two paddocks otherwise if it's a
exceptional year for one particular
vineyard we will make a we'll make a
single vineyard
right so so on some years you'll see a
last chance ones and some years you'll
see two paddocks first vineyard which is
you know the Gibson thank you so much
soon it's a great presence so nice to
see you thank you and it's fabulous to
have the two paddocks fine thank you and
cheers to one and all